sh of youth category
sharif a president without the social base of iphone 3
david porras adif has tried this from estrada to mercasevilla not only from a
party like lemon waiting for plantigrade
from a very even first part
the village of the sea is to advance to 40 seconds of the second part am a goal of
Alvaro Morata
in the 70 4 of paco esteban still tied but in the final stretch of the match
let's get in touch with the Madridista subsidiary
that fortunately the defense of the treasury Amen 2 to 2 definitive in Aragon until
the date
I'm very happy because
we have eliminated a rival that you have seen that he could not stand the hard put
very difficult
exceptional creativity are very good players and I'm very happy
the work that a player has done with an impressive price
the one that could not pass the line 3 the orihuela peña houses to two of the end
I found the party will take a random flight to an orihuela one minute
strategy was 0 javi soria
which will work at
the immense catalog where you can garavano ties through a prose
those of the party nothing we do of bad to the set
a match with a lot inside
I would rate the beginning of period two wrong
that they have left everything that had
the field have been detected ata national attraction
yhony rosemary should experience
Round and round because
percent the difficult that
explained the situation
The marker was unhappy in no time the match went out
and I do not talk much
in holding the psoe on if now it remains but I'll tell you about moaña
last week for a hundred to AIDS first he was born later at home
number passed to 0
for circle oahu against betis no name dirty to benidorm
uria by route of seville betis 2
they are two solutions
since then today's incident last day of the rally to reduce the
minimum
I have no time
this service overcomes the betis
with tenacity complicate the personal things of Roberto
in the 14 carlos fernández the new document
mutis well
after a combination
he was arrested
he pointed out that one of them from the party
in the 91st minute
dennis 2- to minute 23 exposed that estimate is represented
at minute 62 hundreds of regional media
Antonio updating himself in the match
the human resources
as a set
in this second phase
thinking about areas
I did not let go
ethics but a lot of people
the same source
he got the set yes
others
in that sense
hence, it is an urgent efficient sentence
we did
stop
they show them the imatges of the match between the athletic seville and the
real union of irún this entity in the first round for the promotion to
second and the center of attention the socialist federations
and unethical knee celebration that I did not know there was in the
that the council of ministers on the subject in various peace initiatives
moon will be the seville athletic caused a first invasion of the field
and would be oriented would be the celebration of the second against the Andalusians
despite the fact that the unsuccessful piracy of the sidewalk containment
salary raised friend of state luiz alberto
but if they think about Quillagua well seen they are deceived that he had in which they spend
the 3 to 0 avante mark that there is in the goal of irun I require pilates
they hope that it marks the glove to raze be the incredible footballer that the
arbitration will not stop made inbar statue